Answers to module exercises 0.1-0.16
cs2113
William Horowitz

Ex 0.1
This program will not compile because 'Comment 3' is not in line with the inline comment above it. The compiler will therefore not know to treat it as a comment. The error says that the variable 'Comment has not been declared.

Ex 0.2
Yes, the comment is allowd between the paramet brackets since the second bracket is on a new line.

Ex 0.3
The error produced by compiling this program is that it says there is an undefined reference to 'main'.

Ex 0.4
Spelling 'printf' 'Printf' results in the error 'undefined refernce to 'Printf' since this is not a function in the stdio library.

Ex 0.5
The error returned by this program is that it 'expected declaration specifiers or '...' before '{' token.

Ex 0.7
The errors produced by compiling this program include "missing terminating " character", "expected expression before '}' token", and "expected ';' before '}' token

Ex 0.8
The error produced by this program is "expected ';' before '}' token

Ex 0.9
This program produces the error "expected declaration or statment at end of input

Ex 0.10
This program works if you include the stdio.h header file at the beginning of the program.

Ex 0.11
Compiling this program results in the following errors:
	error: 'i' undeclared (first use in this function)
	error: (Each undeclared identifier is repored only once
	error: for each function it appears in.)

Ex 0.12
Compiling this program result in the error: expcted expression before '=' token

Ex 0.13
This program prints the number 3.0000. This is because it is first cast to an integer and then cast to a double.

Ex 0.14
The program prints out: 1 0 1 1 0 0 0 0 % followed by a new line

Ex 0.15
The problem with this program is that i it says i = 5, meaning set i to 5, not wee if i equals 5. Therefore, since i can always be set to five, it will always trigger, no matter the value of i.

Ex 0.16
The problem with is code is that there are no '{' around the while loop. Therefore, i--; will be treated by the compiler as being outside the while loop and will never be triggered. 
